CLOUDP-179038 Add tags flag to atlas clusters create/update/upgrade (#1968)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-clusters-create.txt

     - int
     - false
     - Number of shards in the cluster. This value defaults to 1.
   * - --tag

>      - stringToString

Reviewer: 🤔 this may need an update on https://github.com/mongodb-labs/cobra2snooty

     - false

>      - Collection of key-value pairs that categorizes the cluster. This value defaults to [].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - List that contains key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster. This value defaults to [].
```
